Adding multiscale, setup tutorials + deleting duplicate trigger.md (#35)
acquire-project/acquire-docs: docs/tutorials/multiscale.md

## Configure `Runtime`
To start, we'll create a `Runtime` object and begin to configure the streaming process, selecting `Zarr` as the storage device so that writing multiscale data is possible.

```python
import acquire

# Initialize a Runtime object
runtime = acquire.Runtime()

# Initialize the device manager
dm = runtime.device_manager()

# Grab the current configuration
config = runtime.get_configuration() 

# Select the radial sine simulated camera as the video source
config.video[0].camera.identifier = dm.select(acquire.DeviceKind.Camera, "simulated: radial sin") 

# Set the storage to Zarr to have the option to save multiscale data
config.video[0].storage.identifier = dm.select(acquire.DeviceKind.Storage, "Zarr")

# Set the time for collecting data for a each frame

> config.video[0].camera.settings.exposure_time_us = 1e4  # 10 ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config.video[0].camera.settings.exposure_time_us = 5e4  # 50 ms
```

# Set the max frame count
config.video[0].max_frame_count = 5 # collect 5 frames

# specify the pixel datatype as a uint8
config.video[0].camera.settings.pixel_type = acquire.SampleType.U8

# set the scale of the pixels
config.video[0].storage.settings.pixel_scale_um = (1, 1) # 1 micron by 1 micron

# Set the output file to out.zarr
config.video[0].storage.settings.filename = "out.zarr"
```

To complete configuration, we'll configure the multiscale specific settings.

```python
# Chunk size may need to be optimized for each acquisition. 
# See Zarr documentation for further guiddance: https://zarr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial.html#chunk-optimizations
config.video[0].storage.settings.chunking.max_bytes_per_chunk = 16 * 2**20 # 16 MB

# x, y dimensions of each chunk to 1/3 of the width and height of the image, generating 9 chunks
config.video[0].storage.settings.chunking.tile.width = (config.video[0].camera.settings.shape[0] // 3)
config.video[0].storage.settings.chunking.tile.height = (config.video[0].camera.settings.shape[1] // 3)

# planes refers to the 3rd dimension of the chunks, so use 1 if each chunk is 2D
config.video[0].storage.settings.chunking.tile.planes = 1

> 

Author: Done.

```python

# collect data
runtime.start()
runtime.stop()
```

You can inspect the Zarr file directory to check that the data saved as expected. This zarr file should have multiple subdirectories, one for each resolution in the multiscale data. Alternatively, you can inspect the data programmatically with:

```python
# Utilize the zarr python library to read the data
import zarr

# Open the data to create a zarr Group
group = zarr.open("out.zarr")
```
With multiscale mode enabled, an image pyramid will be formed by rescaling the data by a factor of 2 progressively until the rescaled image is smaller than the specified zarr chunk size in both dimensions. In this example, the original image dimensions are (1920, 1080), and we chunked the data using tiles 1/3 of the size of the image, namely (640, 360). To illustrate this point, we'll inspect the sizes of the various levels in the multiscale data and compare it to our specified chunk size.

```python
group["0"], group["1"], group["2"]
```
The output will be:
```
(<zarr.core.Array '/0' (10, 1, 1080, 1920) uint8>,
 <zarr.core.Array '/1' (5, 1, 540, 960) uint8>,
 <zarr.core.Array '/2' (2, 1, 270, 480) uint8>)
```

> Here, the `"0"` directory contains the full image of (1080, 1920) in size as well as 9 chunks. The `"1"` dirctory contains the first rescaled image of size (540, 960) as well as 4 chunks. The `"2"` directory contains a further rescaled image of size (270, 480), which is now smaller in both dimensions than the chunk size of (640, 360), so this directory contains just 2 copies of the rescaled image.

Author: @aliddell Is this an accurate interpretation of the data?

Reviewer: Pretty close. I made a suggestion.

> Here, the `"0"` directory contains the full image of (1080, 1920) in size as well as 9 chunks. The `"1"` dirctory contains the first rescaled image of size (540, 960) as well as 4 chunks. The `"2"` directory contains a further rescaled image of size (270, 480), which is now smaller in both dimensions than the chunk size of (640, 360), so this directory contains just 2 copies of the rescaled image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the `"0"` directory contains the full-resolution array of frames of size 1920 x 1080, with a single channel, saving all 10 frames.
The `"1"` directory contains the first rescaled array of frames of size 960 x 540, averaging every two frames, taking the frame count from 10 to 5.
The `"2"` directory contains a further rescaled array of frames of size 480 x 270, averaging every four frames, taking the frame count from 10 to 2. Notice that both the frame width and frame height are now smaller than the chunk width and chunk height of 640 and 360, respectively, so this should be the last array in the group.
```
